News page (#278)
nasa-gcn/gcn.nasa.gov: app/routes/news.mdx

---
meta:
  title: GCN - News
---

import {
  Collection,
  CollectionCalendarDate,
  CollectionDescription,
  CollectionHeading,
  CollectionItem,
  Link,
} from '@trussworks/react-uswds'

# GCN News

<h2 className="">News and Events</h2>
<Collection>
  <CollectionItem
    variantComponent={<CollectionCalendarDate datetime={'September 2, 2022'} />}
  >
    <CollectionHeading headingLevel="h3">

>       Self-Service Configuration of GCN Notices over Email for Transient Alerts

Reviewer: I put Transient Alerts  in there because we need "transient" in the GCN circular subject, but we can reword here.

    </CollectionHeading>
    <CollectionDescription>

>       This new feature will greatly simplify and enhance the user experience for

Reviewer 2: Also, it needs some very brief instructions about how to get to this feature.

>       This new feature will greatly simplify and enhance the user experience for

Reviewer: Self-service configuration of email notifications for GCN Notices will ...

      subscribing to GCN Notices. Using the same accounts on

>       https://gcn.nasa.gov as GCN Classic Over Kafka, users can now sign up to

Reviewer: How do we refer to these accounts then?

      subscribe to any of the public GCN Notice types in any of the 3 legacy

>       formats (text, binary, VOEvent), and edit their settings at will.

Reviewer: See #276 where I suggested:
Signing up here does not edit prior subscriptions to GCN Classic. When you would like to unsubscribe from GCN Classic, please contact us. [with link to feedback form]

>       formats (text, binary, VOEvent), and edit their settings at will.

Reviewer 2: I like it. @dakota002 would you please insert that?

---
meta:
  title: GCN - News
---

import {
  Collection,
  CollectionCalendarDate,
  CollectionDescription,
  CollectionHeading,
  CollectionItem,
  Link,
} from '@trussworks/react-uswds'

# GCN News

<h2 className="">News and Events</h2>
<Collection>
  <CollectionItem
    variantComponent={<CollectionCalendarDate datetime={'September 2, 2022'} />}
  >
    <CollectionHeading headingLevel="h3">
      Self-Service Configuration of Email Notifications for GCN Notices
    </CollectionHeading>
    <CollectionDescription>

>       Email Notification self sercive will greatly simplify and enhance the user
>       experience for subscribing to GCN Notices. Using the same accounts on the
>       General Coordinates Network as GCN Classic Over Kafka, users can now sign
>       up to subscribe to any of the public GCN Notice types in any of the 3
>       legacy formats (text, binary, VOEvent), and edit their settings at will.
>       Signing up here does not edit prior subscriptions to GCN Classic. When you
>       would like to unsubscribe from GCN Classic, [please contact
>       us](https://heasarc.gsfc.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/Feedback?selected=gcnclassic).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Have GCN Notices delivered to your email inbox by signing up and managing
      your subscriptions through this web site. To get started, sign in or sign up and then select "Email Notifications" from the account dropdown menu.
      
      Note that signing up here does not affect prior subscriptions on the old web site, https://gcn.gsfc.nasa.gov. To
      unsubscribe from the old web site, please [contact
      us](https://heasarc.gsfc.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/Feedback?selected=gcnclassic).
```
